c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\obj\Debug\Model.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.dll.config
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.dll
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.pdb
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.xml
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.xml
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\obj\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.dll
c:\users\jeanh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Intergen.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\obj\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.pdb
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.dll.config
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.dll
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.pdb
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.dll
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Crm.Sdk.Proxy.xml
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.xml
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\obj\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.dll
C:\Users\JeanH\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper\Test\obj\Debug\ACME.FluentFetchXMLHelper.Model.pdb
